8/31/00: EotL driver
update: LDMud 3.2.9.

2/25/00: EotL is running
on a new driver, LDMud
3.2.7.

7/21 - 7/23/00:
Cheesefest IV is now
over.

4/30/00: Player purge.

2/25/00: EotL is running
on a new driver, LDMud
3.2.7.

2/25/00: EotL is now
running on a new driver,
called LDMud 3.2.7.
Technically the mud is
no longer an LPMud.
Lots of code is broken
as a result. The player
purge will come once the
code is mostly stable
again. Until then, it's
safe to assume chaos is
in effect. Ask your
favorite wizard for a
Duncan Sword.

2/11/00: The machine
was moved in the server
room at Stanford on
Wednesday. The mud
came back up Thursday
night with yet another
new IP address!
171.64.14.16 2010 (not
171.64.12.30).

1/27/00: Online help
files have been fixed.

10/30/99: Dear
Reverend is back!
Submit your personal
question on our online
form!

EotL's IP address
changed back in 1998.
Stanford no longer has
the 36.x.x.x IP address
range. FYI

EotL was The Mud
Connector's March 1998
Mud of the Month!
